# Classes

## Player

### @id [Integer]
### @local [Integer]
### @team [Integer]
### @name [String]
### @clan [String]
### @country [Integer]
### @skin_parts [Array#String]
### @skin_custom_colors [Array#Integer]
### @skin_colors [Array#Integer]

## ChatMessage

### @mode [Integer]
### @client_id [Integer]
### @target_id [Integer]
### @message [Integer]
### @author [[Player](#player)]

## TeeworldsClient

### #hook_chat(&block)

**Parameter: block [Block]**

Takes a block that will be called when the client receives a chat message.
The block takes one parameter of type [ChatMessage](#chatmessage).

**Example:**

```ruby
client = TeeworldsClient.new

client.hook_chat do |msg|
  puts "[chat] #{msg}"
end

client.connect('localhost', 8303, detach: true)
```

### connect(ip, port, options)

**Parameter: ip [String]**

**Parameter: port [Integer]**

**Parameter: options [Hash] (default: {detach: false})**

Connect to given server. The option ``:detach`` decides wether the connection should run in a background thread or not.
By default no thread will be spawned. And the ``connect()`` method blocks your main thread. Meaning no line below that will be run as long as the connection is up.

If you decide to provide the option ``detach: true`` it will spawn a thread and run the connection in there. Meaning it will jump to the next line after ``connect()`` is called. So it is your responsibility to keep the program running.
If the connection happens in the last line of your program it will just quit. So you have to keep it up using a loop for example.

**Example:**

```ruby
client = TeeworldsClient.new(verbose: true)

# this will spawn a background thread
client.connect('localhost', 8303, detach: true)
# this line will be run directly after the connection

# this line will be running as long as the connection is up
client.connect('localhost', 8303, detach: false)
# this line will only be run if the connection broke
```


### send_chat(str)

**Parameter: str [String]**

Send a chat message. Takes the chat message as String.

**Example:**

```ruby
client = TeeworldsClient.new(verbose: true)

client.connect('localhost', 8303, detach: true)

client.send_chat('hello world!')
```
